citation tool documentation (#199)
CellProfiler/CellProfiler-plugins: documentation/CP-plugins-documentation/citing.md

ENTER CITATION

Additionally, some plugins require citation themselves if used.
You can determine which plugins require citation by reading the Help information for each plugin, accessible through CellProfiler, or by using the Citation generator built into CellProfiler (since CellProfiler 5).

![alt text](images/citation.png)

> Figure 1: How to use the citation tool. To use CellProfiler's citation generator, load your pipeline into CellProfiler (A). Navigate to File => Export => Citation (B). If the module is disabled, it still generates the citation but with the disabled tag. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Figure 1: How to use the citation tool. To use CellProfiler's citation generator, load your pipeline into CellProfiler (A). Navigate to File => Export => Citation (B). If any module in your pipeline is currently disabled, a citation for that module will still be generated but it will include a `disabled` tag. 
```
